FSPIV does not use properitary image formats or special cameras.   It uses
standard image formats and popular cameras. It does this all in real time
without preproccess the image. It instantly converts the image into a 360
panorama by splitting the image into hundereds of slices and individually
rendering them in real time.  It fits the image to the height of the screen
creating a parallex allowing you to pan the entire image in full screen.
As this is done in real time, you can view panoramically create images as a
filmstrip. Traditional 360 degree imagery taken with expenive cameras and
software and incapbable of real time construction.   FSPIV images can be
processed as fast as you can create them.   It splits the image into hundreds of
slices and reconstructs them directly on the device screen with minimal
overhead.  Hundereds of different image panorams can now be instantly panned and
scrolled.  After splitting the image into hundereds of slices, the algorthim
will create a cylinder where the viere is standing the middle.   The image cylinder is
then rotated programtically or manually by the viewer.  Those image slices
match the current screen dimensions will be drawn, those that reside outside the
screen are ignored.  This very fast because large images are only partially
rendered.

FSPIV works with all supported standard browser images. It does not require any
propietary format or special camera equipment.  

FSPIV divides the image it into hundreds of slices and 
and renders only those slices that are visible on the device.  This allows
FSPIV to draw large panoramic images very quickly and in quick succession, such 
a filmstrip, giving nearly instanious, near video peformance.

By default, the web browser renders the entire image,
resizing it to the screen width.  The browser allows you 
to view the image at full screen by pinching it out.
This works fine single images, quickly becomes tiresome if you are
viewing a large collection images.

Website developers can improve this situation by creating HTML5 thumbnail galleries. 
Thumbnail galleries allow you to quickly scroll through large collection of images.
However, thumbnail galleries retain the browsers inherint viewing limitations, such 
as always resizing the image to the screen width, not the screen height.

Original
https://repba.com/data/boss/0004/famous.faces/4000.jpg
FSPIV Filmstrip 
https://repba.com/?p=0004&e=-1&k=famous.faces&a=1500
FSPIV Panormic
https://repba.com/?p=0004&e=-1&k=famous.faces&a=1

FSPIV is an image viewer for wide or panoramic images.   Unlike other panormaic image viewers, 
it does not require specialized equipment or software, and works with standard image formats in all popular web browsers.   
FSPIV supports the wide image photography that is now popular in mobile devices today.

An image showing a field of view approximating, or greater than, that of the human eye – 
about 160° by 75° – may be termed panoramic. This generally means it has an aspect ratio of 2:1 or larger, the image being 
at least twice as wide as it is high. The resulting images take the form of a wide strip. Some panoramic images 
have aspect ratios of 4:1 and sometimes 10:1, covering fields of view of up to 360 degrees. Both the aspect ratio and 
coverage of field are important factors in defining a panoramic image.
FSPIV can support image aspect ratio of 10:1 in the Safari Browser and 30:1 in the Chromium browser.
10:1 and 30:1 aspect ratios translate to approximately 6 to 18 HD images at a width/height of 1920x1080.  





